docs:  updated edge docs PE-2801 (#1655)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/edge/edgeforge-workflow/palette-canvos.md

  |OS|Public Repo|BYOS Edge OS|`1.0.0`|

> 21. Replace the cluster profile's BYOOS pack manifest with the output provided to your earlier that you copied.  

Author: ```suggestion
21. Replace the cluster profile's BYOOS pack manifest with the output that was provided to you earlier and that you copied.
```

> 21. Replace the the cluster profile's BYOOS pack manifest with the output provided to your earlier that you copied.  

Reviewer: Line 724 reads awkwardly or something is missing. "your" should probably be "you". But the larger question is whether the user is provided something or has copied something. This needs clarifying.

> 21. Replace the the cluster profile's BYOOS pack manifest with the output provided to your earlier that you copied.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
21. Replace the cluster profile's BYOOS pack manifest with the output provided to your earlier that you copied.  
```
